---
layout: post
title:  "Our Last Night of the Proms...concert report"
date:   2016-07-05 09:00:00 +0000
categories: concerts
youtube: 
image: 
  filename: "rah.jpg"
  credit:
  creditlink:
  alt: The Proms at the Royal Albert Hall
---

Oh what a night! 

The choir and orchestra sang and played their hearts out at this festival of music 
from England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales. Whether it was the orchestra belting out 'Men of Harlech' 
in the finale of Edward German's _Welsh Rhapsody_ or the choir giving it their all in their set of 
Sea Shanties, everyone gave 100% and the audience loved it!

So many people move heaven and earth to make these concerts happen. Especial thanks go to 
[Bec Mills](http://www.rebeccamillsharp.com){:target="_blank"}, our harpist who stepped in at the very last minute 
and brought that magical extra something to the orchestral sound. 

The choral sound got a great boost when it was the audience's turn to join in with the traditional Last Night 
numbers, 'Land of Hope and Glory' and 'Jerusalem'. They also put in a highly musical and disciplined display of clapping 
during the 'Sailor's Hornpipe' - well done audience!

The choir and orchestra and orchestra are now looking towards our next concert. For the orchestra, this will include a performance 
of Beethoven's 7th Symphony, which is something lots of us have wanted to play for a long time. As always, both choir and orchestra 
are interested in 
recruiting new members so please do visit the rest of the [website](http://ormskirkmusicsociety.org.uk) to find out about our rehearsal 
times and our venue. Get in touch or, better still, come along to one of our rehearsals.

On 7 and 14 July, the orchestra will be holding open rehearsals to play through Beethoven's 5th and Schumann's 2nd 
Symphonies. This should be a really fun occasion and there will even be tea and cake at halftime! If you could drop an email to 
<clarebhamilton@hotmail.com> to let me know if you would like to come along, that would be great. Maybe see you there...

